gh-142332: Fix usage formatting for positional arguments in mutually exclusive groups in argparse (#142333)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-12-06-13-02-13.gh-issue-142332.PNvXCV.rst

> Fix formatting the usage for positional argument in mutually exclusive group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix usage formatting for positional arguments in mutually exclusive groups in :mod:`argparse`.
```
